Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi. Hello.
Lauren Kelly: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Lauren Kelly: I'm okay. I'm sorry for getting here a little late.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay, what's happening.
Lauren Kelly: So, okay.
Lauren Kelly: So, things were going pretty well. Last week I had my surgery and everything. So that was, I'm so glad I finally out of the way so swollen and hurting and stuff, but probably in like a week, it should stop already
Lauren Kelly: Yeah right after surgery.
Lauren Kelly: Paul had said like, why don't you come here because obviously we're on staying as like gross and I don't have access to like ice or things that I need care so
Lauren Kelly: Paul had said, Why don't you come stay here for a few days. So you can recover, you know, in a nice clean place. So I went there pretty much right after my surgery on Thursday and I stayed there till yesterday after we got off a group so
Lauren Kelly: Everything was great. I mean, it was actually like the way that it was when we first started dating, like we I mean didn't have a single problem, everything was just
Lauren Kelly: Like magical. The way we normally are just we had like a great time. And we're so happy to be around each other and then the very last night, which was Sunday night.
Lauren Kelly: We're getting ready for bed and we're like laying in bed, just like just about to pass out and out of nowhere, he just brings up
Lauren Kelly: You know, there's still some things that don't make sense or something like that. And I'm like, Okay, what
Lauren Kelly: And he's like, I'm, you know, I still wonder. When's the last time you were like physical with somebody else or something like that.
Lauren Kelly: And I'm like, you know, we've been over this and over this and over this gen over this, so much so that like he's even texted the god like the guy that it was to and heard it from him when it was. You know what I mean. So, so it you know it's like you know I
Lauren Kelly: Was exactly what it was him. And I said, you know, but to be honest I, you know, past the last time I physical. So when I did like us men where I would like
Lauren Kelly: Promise something but never come through, or whatever. But I did still use which when I have to talk about that. It's like the worst thing for me, it's, it's my biggest like
Lauren Kelly: Disgusting myself. It's the biggest for it. Just the one thing I wish I could just put behind me and forget about you know what I mean is like the way
Lauren Kelly: That I like us, and I'm just completely disgusted with myself. Whenever have to talk about it and talk about the way that I would like to speak to guys and I worked with them and do whatever it took to like get that money. So I mean I have to
Lauren Kelly: Still, the fact that, like we've been over this over this and over this. Notice, and then we have these four great days together and just out of nowhere. That was the way he wanted to end it. You know what I mean. And it's like,
Lauren Kelly: What good does that do you know all it did was just make me feel like a piece of shit. You know what I mean. And, and I'm having to explain the worst part of my my life. So, and it's just I I just couldn't imagine like
Lauren Kelly: asking someone to be in a relationship where
Lauren Kelly: I just want to bring up the worst time of their life and make them go through it over and over and over again. You know, like that's not healthy for him, that's not healthy for especially me trying to go through my early stages of recovery and
Lauren Kelly: So it basically I explained that. And then he just gets quiet any like falls asleep. So I'm just laying there. And I just, I'm so worked up and. And again, like I told you I've been getting overwhelmed really easily.
Lauren Kelly: And I can't. Calm down. So I get up at 1030 I go get one of the dogs and put them on a leash and go to walk them. I literally I told myself, I'm not going to go back and they're like, calm down.
Lauren Kelly: I didn't come back to one in the morning. I will for two and half hours and just the crying, just so upset because
Lauren Kelly: You know, I just, just having to revisit that dark disgusting place in my life and like again. What purpose does that serve you know it just, it was just really upsetting to me that out of like for awesome fucking days like
Lauren Kelly: Why, why do we need to do that in it. Like, I'm almost like this is a power thing doesn't make him feel better, to make me like little like crap with this like visit
Lauren Kelly: Or does he just not want to forgive me. So he has to remind themselves of, like, I don't know. But I was really upset about it. I'm
Lauren Kelly: In the morning when he's getting ready. Normally, I'll get up and have coffee with them. I kind of just pretend like I was still asleep.
Lauren Kelly: And then when he left. We just like this is like a by really quick.
Lauren Kelly: But I knew when I left there like I was, I was not coming back for a while. So when I left, I left a nice note that just said, you know, thank you for your hospitality and thank you for everything and
Lauren Kelly: Last night, he said some things that that upset me and made me realize that you know maybe naively, I thought that we were a little further past and things that that I realized. Last night we clearly are not and
Lauren Kelly: You know, I'm going to take some time away so I can have the ability to handle this in the most like healthy and productive way possible, and
Lauren Kelly: You know, because again, so I'm in this overwhelmed state of like the emotional journey and really high and
Lauren Kelly: I'm not going to handle things in the best way possible when I'm like that, you know, so, um, I just left a note saying, you know, I'm sorry that I let you down in the early stages of our relationship. I
Lauren Kelly: Am doing everything I can. Every day to be, you know, like a better woman, and the woman that you deserve. But
Lauren Kelly: You know I love you. And that was it. So I figured once like he saw that. No, he would call me or some I literally haven't heard from him since. So obviously it was weird to him to, like, I don't know, whatever.
Lauren Kelly: So now I I don't know if like I overreacted if I went, but like part of me is kind of thinking like
Lauren Kelly: Almost like red flags and like he's just so unforgiving. It just, it kind of makes me think like
Lauren Kelly: Is this even a relationship. I want like do I want long term with somebody who will just never let something go and like, to me, it's, it's cool that he would just want to keep other I couldn't imagine going to him and be like Paul tell me like the most disgusting thing you ever did.
Lauren Kelly: You ever good enough for me to keep making him address that and making him address that because
Lauren Kelly: There's nothing worse than like me having to look is one thing to have to like tell you that to talk about it and then a meetings or whatever, talk about when my girlfriends. But when I have to
Lauren Kelly: Look man, that like, I love more than anything in the eye and tell him.
Lauren Kelly: About the way I used to use men. It's just, it just makes me feel like this thick. You know what I mean, it's just a simple just discussing and again we're talking about eight months ago. You know what I mean, like a
Lauren Kelly: And I'm not saying that means let's forget about it looks like the sweep it under the rug. But like
Lauren Kelly: It. I don't. I couldn't imagine doing that Tim and just saying, like, like just just explained to me with a disgusting person you used to be at your worst time and let's just go over that and go over that and go over and over and over again. And I don't know what his
Lauren Kelly: Purpose, or what his role is in that moment, but I'm
Lauren Kelly: Just it's like been making me wonder like do. Is this even a relationship that I shouldn't even still
Lauren Kelly: Like I can't have four amazing days with you and then have you just want to bring me back to the worst time of my fucking life like at what point can we stop talking about the stuff we've been over and over and over it and me straight is like, at what point
Lauren Kelly: Can I, can I focus on the good person that I am now. And the big huge step said I'm making in in
Lauren Kelly: Order is am I just doomed to have to go through this anytime you ever want because I heard him.
Lauren Kelly: I allowed him to. And I'm sure if I said the same he would say, boring, it's only been a couple months since you know the last big lie of the hotel or one month since the live the hotel.
Lauren Kelly: You know this stuff is refresh, but like the stuff he was talking about was eight months ago you know and and in the in the depths of my addiction and literally in like the first month of US stating and
Lauren Kelly: You know, again, I don't think it's shocking. I couldn't put all my eggs in his basket when he was married and still living with that. Like obviously in the first month of our relationship. I still have to worry about how to
Lauren Kelly: Be myself and addiction and all those things. But, you know, that doesn't make any sense. But, um, I just so yeah I haven't spoken to him. I don't really know what my next
Lauren Kelly: Step is I'm not really trying to like ignore him. But I also just felt like I needed some time away to like think it through. And I just kind of wanted to bounce it off you and like maybe I'm being unreasonable. Maybe I'm not, I
Lauren Kelly: I don't, I don't know, maybe I should be going to him. He usually says like he hates it when I do stuff like this where I go dark and I shut down because he says
Lauren Kelly: There's nothing we can talk through or get through like this, like, like that. That's the point. You should pick up the phone and call him and talk to him about it not
Lauren Kelly: take like two or three days away from him and not, you know, but um
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, so I don't know if I'm handling it right if I not. I don't know if I'm overthinking and just getting overwhelmed, but it just was really hurtful to me that
Lauren Kelly: After four days of like everything being great no reason to bring that up, like I did something to make him questions. I think he just wanted to bring up some really, really old shit and and one thing he knew would make me feel this fucking thing, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: I didn't. I don't know how to like handle that when he does that, I just, other than just take it and then cry for our after and feel like a piece of shit and wonder why he's, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So specifically,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm trying to, to understand specifically what it was that he was asking.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was he asking the last time you were with somebody else. The last time.
Lauren Kelly: Last time was physical someone else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it was eight months prior
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, which was like in the first month of our relationship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And he already knew that.
Lauren Kelly: Yes.
So,
Lauren Kelly: He texts, the guy on his own phone like and and pretended to be me and said, like, hey, just wondering, when's the last time we like what's up or whatever. So he's even heard it from this other source like we've been over it and over it and over it like it. And then the next follow up question.
Lauren Kelly: And I will. I guess I was in a follow up question. I said, But if I'm being honest with you, I still spoke to guys for the next month or two after that and I would
Lauren Kelly: flirt with them or I would say, hey, all meet up with you later if you can help me out with this one. And then I never would and things like that, which again so disgusting to me that I ever acted that way that I ever was that person.
Lauren Kelly: I never won't be that person again but to make me want to hash out like the worst, most disgusting things I ever did, basically. And then he just said nothing to say. And he like went to bed.
Lauren Kelly: And it was just like a weird, you know, so it's like you're like, go over all the most disgusting things you've ever done that you've gone over at length with me for hours and hours on end.
Lauren Kelly: You know, because he had all these questions and then just asked me all the same stuff and make me explain how disgusting. I used to be and then just like go to bed. I just, and then I end up crying for hours and can't sleep on you know
Lauren Kelly: That maybe I maybe I deserve that. And me. I don't know. I don't know but i just i would get it if it was new information, but we just been over this over this and over and and I don't know if he's just what has to go over it till it somehow makes sense to him. I
Lauren Kelly: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It might normally won't make sense to him because he's not walking in your shoes.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I don't think it will ever make sense to him, you know. And I mean, as I said, Philip always be searching for something or some kind of other answer some kind of
Lauren Kelly: Other big thing I did and he knows everything, but I don't know if they'll ever accept the fact that he knows everything. I think he might always think that there's and there's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you know, on the other side of it, it makes sense that he still feels insecure, it makes sense that you know he doesn't understand it all, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Remember the number one thing is that you don't have anything to offend anymore. You've told him the truth. And when he brings it up, you can say something like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It the information hasn't changed since the last time that we talked. There's no no new information to add to it. I have not engaged in any of that behavior, since the last time, which was how many months ago. So what specific questions do you have about that time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm, you know, I've been an open book with you. I'm giving you all the information. What exactly is it that you feel that you're missing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and just ask him, you know, specifically, and I don't think you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't think he's doing it to make you feel bad. I think that he's more coming to this point where he's trying to understand it all and he's going to be insecure for a while, you know, there's mistrust on both of your sides not just your side because there's no stress on his to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, of course, he doesn't recognize it yet.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, that's what I think I always go back to like
Lauren Kelly: I wish I would have done this with you. You know what I mean. I wish I like I never once asked him, when was last time he was intimate with his wife. I never once even tried to ask those kind of questions like, when he came back I
Lauren Kelly: had the right to ask all these questions, but I didn't. I didn't want to torture him in that way. So like I it just makes me regret like How forgiving. I was and it, it makes me wonder like
Lauren Kelly: Is this how he's going to be for the rest of our lives like is never going to be able to let go with things like is that really a person because I've worked so hard to show him.
Lauren Kelly: You know the person that I am. You know, I've invited him to me needs to be done all these things like
Lauren Kelly: To show him my growth. And what I'm doing. And for him to just want to hang on, hang on, hang on. Like, that's not the life I want long term, you know, maybe, and it kind of just makes me a question like,
Lauren Kelly: You know, if I'm going to be so forgiving with him. Like, I don't know, I just makes me wonder like
Lauren Kelly: Am I always going to be putting him where he is. And, you know, and I don't know I just
Lauren Kelly: I like the first time that I'm wondering like to enjoy even, you know, I think about that, but I never know the physical stuff that happened and I
Lauren Kelly: Bring that up over and over again and have the best was offended you that, but I just heard him in that way, like he wants to torture me in that way, it seems like you know and
Lauren Kelly: And it just makes me feel like I should have given him hell. You know what I mean. And and not pin so forgiving and but that's like not who I am and
Lauren Kelly: I feel like a need. I'm gonna fuck up, I'm going to make mistakes like I need someone that's going to like, not when a torture me for
Lauren Kelly: The next years of my life, or I don't know I don't know but but maybe you know i'm sure what he would say to this as well. You know, it's so seriously first couple months but like I don't know that this isn't going to be a year from now, and we're still doing this, you know, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And you just got to kind of walk through through it a little bit. And again, don't depend. And, you know, allow him to have his feelings about it all, allow them to processes feelings through it all, but keep holding to your truth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, he pulled in a new tree.
Lauren Kelly: Or just said what it was. I didn't defend. Oh, well. It was because of this or that I just said, what, what, yes, I did do that and
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I am disgusted with that. And that's a person they never ever want to be again and it hurts me. It gets me to my core to even speak about it because I can't believe
Lauren Kelly: It's me, we're talking about not like some other person that we're talking about assessing this person is no it's me like
Lauren Kelly: Into look you and your eyes and have to tell you that like it's it's awful. And it's painful and you know that. Yeah, there's nothing new there you know everything and I
Lauren Kelly: I just don't know what there is to accomplish other than we've been really upset for the next several days and like not wanting to be around him and I don't know. And again, like, have that really strong flight instinct that when
Lauren Kelly: I go over all my only instinct is like it away and so i don't know i i know any other time something like this has happened. The past, he said.
Lauren Kelly: Why don't you pick up the phone. This is where we should we should be talking to stuff through the right now it's like I don't even want to talk to them. I don't even know what to say to him.
Lauren Kelly: But I don't know if we stay, you know, doing those going dark thing is only going to make things work.
Lauren Kelly: I know. But again, I like still feel overwhelmed and it was like two days ago and I still feel like overwhelmed by the whole thing and I don't even know.
Lauren Kelly: Which is to say to him, I mean other than yeah it's fair that as those insecurities, it's fair that he has those questions, even though I am on hundred times, um,
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. It's this weird will because I guess in one side. I feel like it's all fair everything you said belted but then on the other side. Like, I can't live my the rest of my life in the
Lauren Kelly: Past and always just fair when it's going to come up and when he's gonna ask 100 questions anyway. Give him the truth with 100 answers. He's not be satisfied and we me the best time ever, and that's how he wants to end it just
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. I don't know.
Lauren Kelly: I don't know what to do, like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe writing them an email without information.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe putting it out there on how you feel, you know, maybe explaining to him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What you just explained to me, and in a manner that lets him see why you do what you do. Why you back away the way that you do, how it makes you feel and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just giving him the information you know he wants communication instead of you, you know, running the opposite directions. You know, try giving it to him. You know, he might not like what he reads, but at least it's your truth.
Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: And I just, I know him pretty well and i i'm pretty sure as answer to any of what I just explained to you would be, you know, the hotel thing was a
Lauren Kelly: Month ago or whatever, you know what, I can't bring this up. But again, we won't cut off hotels and we were talking about stuff from like July of last year.
Lauren Kelly: You know, but I'm sure you know, in his words, that would be this is all new fresh think it's fair. I have all these questions, or whatever. But like
Lauren Kelly: What's not present to answer these 100 times and nothing's going to change. They are the answer to our part. You know what I mean. And, and I don't know how to ever
Lauren Kelly: Get him to the point where you can believe that. He knows everything, like, I don't know.
Lauren Kelly: How to ever get to that point. And part of me thinks, maybe this is just when those relationships where unfortunately I damaged it so much that there might just not be a coming back. You know, like it might be so damaged that
Lauren Kelly: There's no fixing it no matter how you know
Lauren Kelly: How much clean time I have under my belt, no matter how well I work the steps, no matter what I do to make men's and do a living amends to show them every day.
Lauren Kelly: How different I'm living my life. Not just that, I recognize that he did wrong, but I'm actually living my life in a different way and
Lauren Kelly: And I'm progressing and I'm doing great things, and in my priorities are straight and and the things that should be important to me are and and all that late
Lauren Kelly: Again medium use it so overwhelmed. Like, I guess there's no way I would have those answers now, but I did. I just had put so much into this relationship that like
Lauren Kelly: I, I don't know. Sometimes I just think maybe she just saw you know i don't know it's not ever better and
Lauren Kelly: I don't know, like, um, you know, this whole time I've been kind of being get, you know, like, my name is on the lease at that apartment like this whole time I've kind of been hoping like
Lauren Kelly: It'll maybe in a few months I would end up like living there again. But the more I think about it, the more I think like maybe I should get my own place that fear there is like in my area.
Lauren Kelly: Places yep assignment for a year or longer. So if I get a place, it's going to be for at least a year us a really long time for like a sub
Lauren Kelly: You know, you know, say we fix things in a couple months and then I'm locked into this year long least but I just found out like the place that I'm seeing right now.
Lauren Kelly: Last night that the guy and his girlfriend are looking for a place. So I maybe have like four to six weeks or so it's like you know like Paul and I are not going to fix things in four to six weeks. I don't think you know what I mean.
Lauren Kelly: And I don't want to rush out. So I think I am going to have to get my own. So it's like I just feel like they register really need to focus on what my life looks like without all in and and
Lauren Kelly: I don't know, because it's not going to
Lauren Kelly: Be fixed that fast, and I can't be like homeless because I want to fix things with also all live in my car for a couple months while we figure something like I really got to worry about finding housing for myself and and
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. And I feel like I just put so much into that and then I find out where 20 steps back from where I thought we were you know constantly, you know, and it
Lauren Kelly: Just it just sometimes I just want to get off the roller coaster. You know, it just seems like it's been such a roller coaster. I mean, sometimes they just feel like an author or or
Lauren Kelly: Or ever
Lauren Kelly: But again, maybe that's me being like overwhelmed. I don't deal with that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that if you're putting one foot in front of the other and doing the best that you can, for you, no matter what, no matter what or who comes in your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No matter who or what stays in your life, then they're going to see the by the behaviors that you're doing.
Lauren Kelly: They're going to see like
Lauren Kelly: The whole time I was there this week. And that's, like, all we talked about was my progress and stuff and him saying, like you were saying to me.
Lauren Kelly: We started talking about, we're talking about like that weekly survey of that that I do before through
Lauren Kelly: And I was telling him how funny it is that like when I was in like my worst depths of like depression and everything.
Lauren Kelly: How I would mark on all these questions like it'd be like, you know, how many days. Have you felt depressed. Well five out of seven. How many days. Have you felt a five out of seven. How many days as
Lauren Kelly: Like conflict with your friends or family members bothered you five out of seven like
Lauren Kelly: The whole thing would just be like the darkest answers that there could be
Lauren Kelly: And then there was a question on there that would say, How confident are you and your ability to remain cleaning for the next seven days and I would always say like very confident. So I always thought that was funny, of like
Lauren Kelly: I'm so depressed. I'm so anxious, my life is shit that I know I'll be playing, you know, at me and I was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At that
Lauren Kelly: Company and and he was saying, you know, he was like, to be honest, if I have zero worries about you, relaxing. Like, I see how strong I literally had zero worries about that. Like that's not
Lauren Kelly: A worry of mine at all and stuff. And if you were talking about, just like with my teeth and and all of these huge steps that I'm making.
Lauren Kelly: Like that was something he brought up over and over again. The whole weekend of like how much progress. I've made and how impressed. He is and how proud he is. And obviously, so like
Lauren Kelly: I feel like he is seeing that. And you know, it's all, it's not just, it's not words anymore, there's actual action behind it and
Lauren Kelly: And, you know, things that like tangible things that you can see that I'm doing that are better and
Lauren Kelly: And to have it go that way for four days straight and everything to be so awesome and everything to be something and then at the end, we want to remind me of
Lauren Kelly: When I was the biggest piece of shit and make me look you in your eyes and explain it to you for the hundredth time would have pieces. Should I was in my deepest, most disgusting. Duprey part of my life like and then okay cool by like it just
Lauren Kelly: It's just really hurtful to me like I don't know why we, I don't know. But again, maybe I just deserve for why I don't know, but it's just, it's really
Lauren Kelly: Hard for me. I just couldn't come down a good sleep. The whole night like I just
Lauren Kelly: I just felt so terrible. And I just wonder like
Lauren Kelly: I know I'm still early on, but like, for how long of my life. Am I gonna have to live in the past where
Lauren Kelly: We just have to discuss everything wrong I ever did all the time. Like is there ever going to be a point that I could be the new person that I am and not
Lauren Kelly: Have to focus on every bad decision I made when I was in like the depths of that outdid not thinking straight priorities all fucked up kind of place that I was for. So, you know, like I
Lauren Kelly: It doesn't help me. It puts me in dark places like I all last week I was in like a complete statement feel depressed on, like, ever since that happened. I've been feeling like super depressed.
Lauren Kelly: And it. I just, I really want to focus on the good but I get that I need to pay the consequences for the bad
Lauren Kelly: I just like, How long am I going to be doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, unfortunately, because he you know is that piece of the wreckage, you know, he's part of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, he has to go through his own process. He has to be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understand heal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And get to the other side to, you know, and sometimes it can take time and sometimes it can feel like you're being browbeaten you know with the questions, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, you don't have anything to to defend because you've given them all the information and reminding you that when he brings it up, you know, nothing's changed. You know, it's still the same as what it was when we talked about it last time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I still every time we talk about it. You know, it brings up, not just the memories. But it brings up the feelings of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, low self esteem low self worth, and huge amounts of guilt and for what I did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But that's not who I am today. That's not what I'm working towards today, you know, and just really leaving it at that and letting him sit with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, sit with what's going on because the more you you continue to walk in, in the steps that you're walking in. Now, the more people believe that you're serious about the steps that you're walking and out
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know, you don't have anything to defend you've given them all the information, but understanding that he has his processes to trying to understand it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And and hopefully he will be able to base everything off of your behaviors now versus in the past, you know, you just got to keep doing what you need to do for you.
Whenever I'm taking
Lauren Kelly: I'm taking notes as you're talking. You guys have a great way of saying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does that make sense. It's like, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Information hasn't changed from the last time that we talked about it. But you know, I understand you have to go through your process. I understand you have to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try to work through it, but understand that every time that you asked me about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That particular piece. It brings up all of these other self loading feelings that I'm trying to walk through and get to the other side. Oh.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
You know,
Lauren Kelly: Sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think they get into a point, you know, and you guys both getting to this point of realizing that you're the first party because his relationship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On both sides, whether he wants to see it or admitted or agree with it or whatever was not 100%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There were things going on on both sides.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, regardless of the how worse. One was towards the other. It was what it was.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah and you know where you're at, is a whole different place today than where you were.
Lauren Kelly: Definitely a very different place because now I'm not really into
Lauren Kelly: You know, I bring that up to move like you got to understand the only reason we started dating is because
Lauren Kelly: Of the dark place. I was in, do you think if I felt good about myself and I would be happy. You know, so often I would have ever made a married man like
Lauren Kelly: It was me on drugs that you know like made me think that's what I was
Lauren Kelly: You know, and, and I said, this is we had done. And if I look at a couple weeks ago and I said meeting thing might be here. We're sending me because now I'm actually going to make demands of you and I actually
Lauren Kelly: Like I deserved things for you that I never would have said I deserved before because now I know that I
Lauren Kelly: I deserve more than that. And I deserve to be like someone's number one, not at all times, or not at all. And before I would have just like me, you know, put up with this stuff. But that's not going to happen anymore. And I'm going to send me on things. It's not trust me.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: And I like doing that for the first time, my life. It's been is that stuff. But, I'm, I'm proud of myself that I've been able to do. There's been a couple things where I like
Lauren Kelly: drew the line with him on things and he basically can fly and did what I wanted to do and they weren't big ass but they
Lauren Kelly: Made sense you know and but it was like before I would have just okay whatever I would have been happy, but I would have dealt with it, and I'm like, No, I'm doing everything to show you
Lauren Kelly: That this relationship is my number one priority. And the one thing I'm working towards
Lauren Kelly: If you're not doing that. In return, then you don't get to ask me one thing you i don't i don't have to be accountable to you. I don't have to do any of these, you know, an alien and
Lauren Kelly: I'm before I never would have the balls to like say or do that. So, um, I definitely can see like the better. I'm getting the more I feel like I deserve you know
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, and I'm like, you know, and I think that's part of, like, why right now I'm thinking like, is this relationship I want because if
Lauren Kelly: Maybe it's just early on in this is just as process and we'll get past it. But if like six months a year from now.
Lauren Kelly: We're still doing this, like, I don't want to be with someone long term that can just never ever forgive me for like the darkest time of my life that I've done everything to work through like
Lauren Kelly: I need someone that can like embrace how like strong I am for getting through that. And yeah, it sucks, but like, at some point, we need to get to a point where we don't have to talk about it anymore. You know, and I mean, there has to be a day.
Lauren Kelly: That we can just say, okay, now all that is behind us. And now we care about what happens from now on, we
Lauren Kelly: Passed out 100 times we have all the answers that I am going to get. I mean, never be satisfied or understand completely. But I have everything, you know, nothing's changed and they're just I can't live the rest of my life doing it running but
Lauren Kelly: But again,
Lauren Kelly: I'm probably just getting overwhelmed because I deserve it, it's so early on. Um, but it just when it happens, I get so overwhelmed and then for days. I feel like shit. And I can't get past it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because it brings up a lot of a lot of guilt that you're trying to walk through and and really, you know, letting him giving him that piece and that information, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it's important. Yeah, you know, but at the same sense being open to being able to listen to his side of things and how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He feels and answering questions is important too. But there does have to be in the end, as long as you're not acting in the same manner is what you were there should be no questions, but
Lauren Kelly: Feel is is that he doesn't know everything.
Lauren Kelly: But there's more out there. So I don't know how to make that feel better when he
Lauren Kelly: Wants he wants me to say, No, I actually was doing that, up until a month ago, like, it's like that's what he wants me to say. But that's not there. And so I he ever feels like there's some big. There's some big huge piece that's missing. And I can't give that to him so
Lauren Kelly: You get this
Lauren Kelly: Impasse like what I can't satisfy him and the way he wants to be like satisfied in this weird, twisted way and but he's still searching and
Lauren Kelly: I don't know how to get past that and that's it's in the same thing for months, like where he's looking for that other piece.
Lauren Kelly: And it's just not there. And so he's going to question the question a question thinking it's going to find it, but it's just not there. So in his mind. I'm hiding something. But in reality, it's just not there.
Lauren Kelly: He knows he knows horrible, horrible fucking things. Those are all there. The, what more he's looking for is not. Um, I don't know how to grow past that.
Lauren Kelly: That, that's what I don't have to have him get it's not there, Paul. It's just not a compare
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And maybe it's not your process to get him past that maybe it's his process that he needs to work on.
Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I am. I wish there was more that I could do to show. Mr. See, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Maybe there's something like
Lauren Kelly: Them or you do it i don't i don't know
Lauren Kelly: If there was being happily do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you're getting on that the exact right thought process right there. There's nothing more that you can do to show him that there is nothing more there, he has to be able to come to their own kingdom his own conclusion on that on his own.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you just got to keep, you know, walking the walk and and working on on yourself and by the changes that happening, you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: People around you start seeing that they start noticing that which they have already because you've done a lot of work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've just got to keep walking that path. You don't have anything to to hide and you're an open book, and you've just got to stay there and you know this is his process isn't yours. And so you've got to get out of the way a little bit.
Lauren Kelly: You know, how do I do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've just gotta I do that keep working on you and allow him to walk through his own processes and you know you can validate his feelings. Listen, I know that you, you know, are still working on learning how to trust me again and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not going to find any new information. It's the same I'm doing what I said I was going to do. And you know, I hope you based you know what you think, by my behaviors and not by my past.
Thank you.
Lauren Kelly: I think an email is definitely the way to go because it otherwise it ends up too much back and forth, you know, and that's the one we I can just sit down formulate everything and like get it all out and like a clear and concise way, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Without all the emotion getting involved. And then at the end, being like, Oh, crap. I didn't see any of the stuff I wanted to say, you know, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just take time to you know to do the email take time. Make sure that it's well thought out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah and that you add that, you know, the information and the confirmation for his feelings in there and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you give them something to think about.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
You know,
Lauren Kelly: You're right. Um, thank you. I appreciate it. Um, yeah. So yeah, I think so. That was the main thing that I wanted to talk to you about. But yeah, I guess I'll just
Lauren Kelly: Write an email and see how and then
Lauren Kelly: What else and then. Yeah, I was. I was proud of myself. I got through all the
Lauren Kelly: The surgery stuff and it was super painful. I'm still in pain, but I'm nothing. I couldn't hand. I was thrilled with some be like so so bad, but I'm nothing. I couldn't handle and
Lauren Kelly: So that was a big moment to that I got through all that without needing anything. And yeah, but now I'm stressed out about this like living situation thing I just found out like the clock's ticking on this so I'm a little worried about that so
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, that's, that's pretty much
Lauren Kelly: What else you think, is there anything else like I could be doing should be doing.
Lauren Kelly: Other than I mean I'm working
Lauren Kelly: Its second step right now and I'm still working on trying to get a sponsor. I'm just, I have a really hard time connecting with people so
Lauren Kelly: You know, a lot of the people I've seen at meetings are like it usually most of means I've been to move people don't even have a year under their belts, they can't be sponsors, as far as the women and there's always like a lot of alternative guys there but
Lauren Kelly: That I put together a list of women's meetings that I was going to hit this week and just try to go down as a figure I have my best chance of finding the sponsor I'm hitting you know mostly women so I
Lauren Kelly: Figured I'd
Lauren Kelly: But um Yeah, I figured. I'll just kind of be the next piece to really pushing like through them and having somebody to, you know, go to when I have those hard moments working through something
Lauren Kelly: Um, but I have like this app on my phone. That's like a clean time the app. And I read my lady, Jeff. Today's every single person maybe when I
Lauren Kelly: Read my just for today. And sometimes they like super speak to other times it's like, Oh, this one, it says much for me. But every now and then I'm like, oh my god. Are they like talk to me right now. Like it's those really speak to me and
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I started like journaling working through the steps and everything and
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I'm just, just my next fear my next big thing is just trying to figure out this House.
Lauren Kelly: And I feel like once I have that things will fall into place.
Lauren Kelly: That. And then, of course, Paul's always like living rent free right here, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now that's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would write him an email, give him, you know, the information you know kind of affirmed. His, His feelings and be understanding about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But don't defend anymore, but also set a boundary where, you know, there's just no more information to give you on that it hasn't changed, and it won't change.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I'm on this other path. I'm doing things differently. And once you you know you do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You write the email, then just let go. Let him you know digest it, and you just check out the, you know, check out your women's meetings, try to do you know what you need to do for you and just focus in, you know, spoken.
Lauren Kelly: To do is create like my recovery and my relationship and like God's hands like not. Oh, I hope.
Lauren Kelly: Apollo, call me and we'll be able to figure this out or whatever or like, oh, I hope I'll be able to move back in there really soon or anything like that. Like I just think, like, because for all I know.
Lauren Kelly: This is it really is a bad relationship for me and it's not the right relationship from you, like, down the road. So if I need that message that we need to break up. Not like whatever God's will is like, I'm just trying to put that in God's hands and not
Lauren Kelly: Freak out so much about, like, How can I fix this or do that or whatever, like just it's out of my control at some point, and I just have to like
Lauren Kelly: See what happens. Basically, you know, there's nothing more I can do than just to make sure. As long as I stay on this path of being like honest and in
Lauren Kelly: And and working to always move forward and never just seemed like segment, but always. What's the next thing I need to do for my recovery with the next thing I need to do to be the best line I can be
Lauren Kelly: As long as I'm doing those things like I I don't see how I could end up in, you know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. I agree. You know, you just got to put one foot in front of the other and keep doing what you're doing. And if it's meant to be. It's going to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All work out. He's going to see, you know, something completely different. And hopefully be able to deal with his own side of things. And, you know, this isn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This isn't Lauren in a relationship. This is you, both in a relationship, and you both play a part. And he just hasn't been able to see his side of things 100% yet.
Lauren Kelly: It's been easy to make, Lauren. The main issue, you know, for a while and I'm Malmo to make that happen to you know it's not like I hope it helped it not seem that way, you know, BUT IT'S BEEN ON THE ISSUE. ISSUE. And the issue for quite some time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure. Because it deflects and it takes it off of his stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's easy to focus on yours and it's easy to judge and take a look at and say, Well, mine wasn't half as bad as yours. But in reality, in reality, you know, who does the judge and jury on that.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you know what I mean, it's like, let's take all that out of it and say, you know, in the beginning part of our relationship, things were going on on both sides.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right that weren't 100%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm willing to move
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Past it if you're willing to move past it. And it doesn't matter if you feel that it's worse than mine. It is what it is.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so you
Lauren Kelly: Want it to move forward, or do we not like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, let's just get down to the bottom basics of what this is, you know, either which way you're going to be moving forward one foot in front of the other, you're going to get better and better every single day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He can choose to be by your side, or he can choose to be in that place of unforgiveness, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Insecurity, what is he going to choose to do you know you understand that he needs time to process this and to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understand and see things differently. And that's what you know you've been giving them and that's probably part of the reason to why it's so easy just to get the distance for a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's also that piece that says it escalating in that moment might lead to something like it has in the past.
Lauren Kelly: So I ever since I had my first I could be some relationship. I've had that in my head of like
Lauren Kelly: Even just when emotions get high or especially when like a man's voice is raised, like I my flight instinct turns
Lauren Kelly: And I've been in like work situations where like a boss will just get kind of animated and whatever and and that kicks in and it's like, I have to tell myself in that moment.
Lauren Kelly: My boss isn't because of punch me in the face. You know what I meant. Like, it's not, I'm not in a dangerous situation, but my body.
Lauren Kelly: My PTSD kicks into like pitch yourself the fuck out of here as fast as you can, because in my mind like yelling person comes next, you know what I mean. So I do I go back to those places when things get heated or overwhelming, in my mind, I just look out there and that
Lauren Kelly: That happens for
Lauren Kelly: Me well and adult relationships. You know, I need to be better about like
Lauren Kelly: Let's talk about how it what's going on in this moment and how I'm feeling and how you're feeling in this moment, but in my head. I just need to get the fuck out of there and and that's really like on
Lauren Kelly: Breaking me of, or at least
Lauren Kelly: Knowing being able to catch myself doing it in the moment or something but
Lauren Kelly: I just get so overwhelmed. Like when I went walking to walk the dog at 1030 I told myself, I'm not going to go back and they're telling come down. I didn't go back in there to one and I still wasn't calm down, like I i
Lauren Kelly: I don't know what to do in those zones to just like take a step back and call it out and I was praying the whole time I was on walk. I was praying to put it in God's will. I was doing everything I could to try to like
Lauren Kelly: release myself from it and like you know this is out of my hands. There's nothing more I could do, but like, you know, I could say that in theory, it wasn't making me feel any better, you know, and so I don't know.
Lauren Kelly: If there's some something more. I could be doing that would make me feel better. It makes sense in my head, but it doesn't make things it or like the her in that moment.
Lauren Kelly: I don't know how to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, and that's it you know that's something that just takes practice. You know, it really, really does and just getting to the point of acceptance, it is going to be whatever it's going to be and realizing that this is his process. This isn't yours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's got to go through this stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Lauren Kelly: That'll be pretty liberating because it's like okay this is out of my hands, you know, but it's I
Lauren Kelly: Why I have such a hard time. We're like, no, no. I can fix it. I can do this or something and they need to just like like oh
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Right to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's just changing that mindset. You know, it's about talking, you know, giving yourself all the things that you've done right, all the things that you're working on all the things that you're changing and have changed since you know you started this venture
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And reminding yourself of that that that is who you were in the past. Those are the behaviors that went with your addiction. That's not who you are today. And that's not who you really are.
Lauren Kelly: You know, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you just got to keep reminding yourself. And the more that you do that, the more you know you'll start building up the defenses to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Allow yourself to go to that dark place. And you'll realize that this is his process and let him, own it, you know, leave it where it needs to be, which is on him, he's you know he has choices now whether he wants to continue in this or whether he wants to stop this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and he's obviously not willing to stop it, because it keeps coming back.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, realizing that piece to that, you know, he wants to work on it, but he's just not as far along in the progress is what you are
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And so you just got to, you know, step back a little bit and say ask Him say, Do you need. Do you need some time alone. Do you need me to, you know, Jeannie little space.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, is that what you need and and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just see, but I think once you write, you know, your truth out in an email to him and give him time to digest it, I think.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, maybe you guys might be able to turn a corner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When he understands that there is nothing more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And part of that is being transparent, which is what you're doing, allowing him to have access to your phone when he starts feeling insecure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because building trust with something that takes time. That's not something that all of a sudden, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so knowing that that that's where you guys are at you're on this process of healing, you're in this process of rebuilding trust, but you're the very beginning stages of it. And so it's going to take time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But he'll be able to base things off of your behaviors versus your past behaviors. If he's in that healing place to with his therapist.
Lauren Kelly: But what is he, he can never get past that there's more. There's more. There's more. But what if we can't
Lauren Kelly: Have him just convinced
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, then there's choices that need to be made. Either you guys go on separately or you, you know, living in this miserable place of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know of insecurity and it's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not a good place to be.
You know, it's just not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you know definitely give them time to digest process and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, realize that there's nothing more that You have hidden and it is what it is. And it was, was what it was. It's over. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you're doing things completely different. And you know, I like the fact that you are being able to say I'm worth more than that. I'm better than that because you really are.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, and that's the first time I think I've said that ever in my life like
Lauren Kelly: Not even like oh in 10 years like I don't think I've ever been that way in my relationship. Actually, I was watching a show the other day on addiction.
Lauren Kelly: A girl who's addicted to something and and she made the comment. I've never had a sober relationship. And I started thinking about it.
Lauren Kelly: And I was thinking like my high school boyfriend gave me was the guy who's got me started doing cocaine, like it was the first one that gave me cocaine at like 16 years old. So I was thinking like
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, like that's true for me as well. I've literally never had a sober relationship in my life. Like, not even adult relationship like every relationship. I've ever had with them in. I have involved drugs in some way or another.
Lauren Kelly: And this is the first time I'm doing it clean completely. That's a huge fucking when I think like that's a big step and
Lauren Kelly: Um, but I am still obviously learning a lot because it's almost kind of like my first relationship, you know, if you look at it that way, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: Um, but yeah. So again, every relationship involved drugs with guys like I just never thought I was like worth anything more. And so I think now that I'm clear headed and I'm not on
Lauren Kelly: Drugs, I, I feel like now I can actually say, I'm I'm worth for, you know, I still I still don't have the greatest like feelings about myself or anything like that, but I know that I'm worth more than what I was asking, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, which is a good place to be, you know, that is definitely a place of healing and growth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so, you know, you have to know that your progress is is amazing and you have a strength within you that is only going to keep growing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you just stay on that right path.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, don't give up going to turn around.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're doing it.
Lauren Kelly: You know, Julian. Is there anything more. I could be doing that you
Lauren Kelly: Should be doing that I'm not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Check out those other meetings that you're talking about, and really try to get yourself engaged in a healthy support system that has got time under their belt and they will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The idea is that they gather around you and help you in ways that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you need, you know that outside help. And I'm hoping that you'll be able to connect with people and build that system up that you need to be that you need to have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, but but venture out in those ways and keep doing what you're doing because you know you're doing an awesome job, Lauren.
Lauren Kelly: Thank you. I definitely feel good about how things are going. Oh, and then I'm Thursday's my 60 days so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Congratulations.
Lauren Kelly: I don't. So I'm definitely gonna go and get my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, crazy. Yeah. I never thought I'd make it to 30 minutes or 60 exciting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's pretty amazing. So anything that
Lauren Kelly: I'm really
Lauren Kelly: I can't tell me a year.
Lauren Kelly: That's going to be the big one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is the big one. Definitely.
Lauren Kelly: That's cool. I got clean two days before the year started. So I've literally live like everyday 2020 clean and I like that. That's cool. You know, like I like that. I didn't spend one one day of this year that way. And I refuse to spend one day you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a good headset. That's a good mindset to be there, you know, just keep doing it. And so, next week, I'll find out how you liked how many you checked out what you liked about it what you just liked about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if there was anybody that you connected with
Lauren Kelly: Definitely, I will. You ready to give you a report.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right, perfect. And then you're going to write this email and just leave it be for a little bit.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, you're right, absolutely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Lauren Kelly: For up and we walk through that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, anytime
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'll see you in group and I will see you next week.
Lauren Kelly: You definitely will.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Have a great week.
Lauren Kelly: You have a really great week, and weekend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Me too.
Thanks.